Update docs (#92)
molstar/molstar-volseg: docs/hosting.md

This will build db with 11 EMDB entries, and using default values of all other arguments.

> Note that building this example may require a lot of RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that building this example may require 32GB+ RAM.
```

Is this accurate?
